[Music]
ten years after the trade Federation's
invasion of Naboo the Galactic Republic
is threatened by the separatist movement
organized by former Jedi Master Count
Dooku senator Padme Amidala comes to
Coruscant to vote on a motion to create
an army to assist the Jedi against this
threat narrowly avoiding an
assassination attempt upon arrival she
is placed under the protection of Jedi
Knight obi-wan Kenobi and his apprentice
Anakin Skywalker the two Jedi stop a
second attempt on her life and subdue
the assassin azam Wessel a shapeshifter
who is soon killed by her bounty hunter
client before she can reveal his
identity
the Jedi Council assigns obi-wan to
identify and capture the bounty hunter
while Anakin is assigned to escort Padme
back to Naboo where the pair develop a
romantic attraction towards each other
Obi Wan's investigation leads him to the
remote ocean planet Kamino where he
discovers an army of clones are being
produced for the Republic with bounty
hunter Jango Fett serving as their
genetic template obi-wan deduces Jango
to be the bounty hunter he is seeking
and he follows him and his clone son
boba to the desert planet Geonosis via a
homing beacon placed on the ship
the slave one meanwhile and it can
becomes troubled by premonitions of his
mother Shmi in pain and travels to
Tatooine with Padme to save her they
meet Owen Lars
Anakin stepbrother and the son of
chemise new husband klieg Lars
klieg tells Anakin that Shmi was
abducted by Tusken Raiders weeks earlier
and is likely dead determined to find
her Anakin ventures out and find Shmi at
the Tusken campsite where she dies in
Anakin's arms enraged
Anakin massacres the Tuscans and returns
to the Lars homestead with chemise body
after revealing his deed to Padme Anakin
says that he wants to prevent death on
Geonosis obi-wan discovers a separatist
gathering led by Count Dooku
who obi-wan learns had authorized Padme
assassination and is developing a battle
droid army with Trade Federation viceroy
nute Gunray obi-wan transmits his
findings to Anakin to relay to the Jedi
Council but his captured mid
transmission with knowledge of the droid
army Supreme Chancellor Palpatine is
voted emergency powers to send the
clones into battle Anakin and Padme
journey to Geonosis to rescue obi-wan
but are also captured the three are
sentenced to death but are eventually
saved by a battalion of Jedi and clone
troopers led by mace Windu and Yoda
Jango Fett is killed by mace during the
rescue as the clone and droid armies
battle obi-wan and Anakin intercept
Dooku and the three
gage in a lightsaber battle Dooku
injures obi-wan and severs Anakin's
right arm the Yoda arrives and duels
Dooku the battle ends in the stalemate
and Dooku flees to Khorasan where he
delivers blueprints for a super weapon
to sit master Darth Sidious as the Jedi
gravely acknowledged the beginning of
the Clone Wars Anakin is fitted with a
robotic arm and secretly marries Padme
on Naboo with c-3po and r2d2 as their
witnesses
[Music]